mitsubishi electric modern solution
in energy production
how harmless to the environment
environment and energy saving can be
modern heating systems visually
demonstrates new technology
mitsubishi electric zubadan
used in heat pumps
using air as a source
heat this unique system extracts
thermal energy from atmospheric air
and allows you to use it to heat
water and space heating system
heat pump is so efficient
what works even in the coldest
winter days when temperatures reach
marks minus 25 degrees celsius important
role in maintaining consistently high
heat pump efficiency plays
defrost mode because strong
heat exchanger icing
may lead to lower production
heat energy is needed as much as possible
more quickly eliminate ice for this system
goes on mode
defrost due to which provides
maximum efficiency and continuous
heat supply system zubadan
produced by mitsubishi electric passed
the most serious test
frost indicators
defrosts were thorough
fixed and studied in
cutting-edge test
mitsubishi electric labs like
you can see the temperature dropped to minus
five degrees celsius and heat pump
began to show signs
operation in defrost mode, and
now clearly shows how ice is on
tight heat exchanger in minutes
such speed does not guarantee full
heat and maximum
efficiency besides zubadan
this is a smart heat pump defrost mode
characterized by flexibility and ability
self-learning thawing happens
automatically and does not stop until those
until the ice on the heat exchanger is
melts completely heat pump zubadan
defrosts twice as fast as
conventional heat pumps name reliable and
efficient and environmentally friendly
heating systems
zubadan heat pumps rate
Benefits Latest Heating Systems
and low power consumption
which you can enjoy today
applying heating technologies
of the future from mitsubishi electric